edit gas needle axes (#1324)
pcdshub/pcdsdevices: docs/source/upcoming_release_notes/1324-edit_gas_needle_axes_names.rst

1324 edit gas needle axes names
#################

API Breaks
----------
- N/A

Library Features
----------------
- N/A

Device Features
---------------

> - change gas needle gui name to be consistent with PLC gas jet name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- change `LAMPMagneticBottle` gas needle names to be consistent with PLC
```

New Devices
-----------
- N/A

Bugfixes
--------
- N/A

Maintenance
-----------
- N/A

Contributors
------------

> - @tongju12

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- tongju12
```
